fixed the issues with contribution.md (#1924)
Avaiga/taipy: CONTRIBUTING.md

3. For convention help, we provide a [pre-commit](https://pre-commit.com/hooks.html) file.
   This tool will run before each commit and will automatically reformat code or raise warnings and errors based on the
   code format or Python typing.

>    You can install and setup it by doing:

Reviewer: I am not an English native, but my understanding is that "setup" is a noun, while the verbal form is "set up".
 
```suggestion
   You can install and set it up by doing:
```

>    You can install and set it up by doing:

Reviewer: Please revert this, as it does not seem to be proper English. No?
